---
:title: Setting up Dropbox
:description: The different possibilities of using Dropbox with TinySite.

++++body++++

h1. Setting up Dropbox

There are two possibilities to use Dropbox with *TinySite*: a) Just use a subfolder of the /Public folder or b) Use advanced sharing to create a secret link to any other folder. The advantage of the later is that you can easily share it with other people while subfolders of /Public cannot be shared.

h2. A subfolder of /Public

* Create the folder within the /Public folder of your Dropbox.
* Put the necessary files in it. That's at least @index.textile@ and @__global.textile@. @404.textile@ and @500.textile@ are highly recommended.
* Right-click on any of the files and select 'Copy public link'. It will be something like @http://dl.dropbox.com/u/1343338/tinysitefiles/index.textile@.
* Use the folder part of this public link as @:file_path@ parameter in your *TinySite* configuration.

h2. Advanced sharing of another folder

* Create a folder for your *TinySite* files anywhere with your Dropbox folder.
* Put the necessary files in it. That's at least @index.textile@ and @__global.textile@. @404.textile@ and @500.textile@ are highly recommended.
* Activate advanced sharing in Dropbox (if you haven't already). There "some documentation":https://www.dropbox.com/help/167 for that, but basically you can just "click here":https://www.dropbox.com/enable_shmodel.
* Right-click on the new folder and select 'Get shareable link'. It takes you to a webpage with the folders content.
* Click on any of the files. It will take you to yet another page with a big "Download some_file.textile" link.
* Right-click on this download link and choose "Copy link URL" (or whatever it's called in your browser).
* Use the folder URL of this link as @:file_path@ parameter in your *TinySite* configuration.

h2. Optional:

* Create a subfolder of your *TinySite*-files folder named @images@.

